#Terms And Conditions

Use of any ReachLocal, Inc. (“ReachLocal”) Application Program Interface(s) (collectively, the “API Service”) is subject to the ReachLocal Inc. Online Marketing Services Terms and Conditions as set forth at www.reachlocal.com/tc (the “Marketing Services Terms”), including, without limitation, the Client Center Product Terms, and any other applicable agreement between you and ReachLocal. ReachLocal provides the API Service as an extension of the Client Center software and reserves the exclusive right to limit or revoke access to the API Service at any time and for any reason.

Your download, transfer and/or removal of any information through the API Service is solely at your own risk. ReachLocal is not responsible for the safety, security or legality of the transmission of your data or of your or any third-party’s platform or system to which you transmit the data. Due to technical processing and transmission requirements of the API Service, your information is transferred unencrypted and may involve (a) transmissions over various networks and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting to various networks, systems or devices. 

THE API SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND WITHOUT ANY GUARANTEE OF CONTINUOUS OR UNINTERRUPTED AVAILABILITY. IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH IN THE MARKETING SERVICES TERMS, REACHLOCAL (I) MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED TO YOU BY OR ON BEHALF OF REACHLOCAL (INCLUDING ANY REPORTING, ANALYTICS AND SIMILAR INFORMATION) OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE API SERVICE; AND (II) IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ERRORS, DEFECTS OR DOWNTIME CAUSED BY YOUR USE OF THE API SERVICE.
