## Contacts
<a name="zapier_contacts"></a>

**Summary:** This HIPAA Compliant trigger returns all contacts (first name, last name, email and/or phone number) generated by a campaign for an advertiser.

#### Contact Details
Field | Type | Description
--------- | -------- |--------
id | Integer |An integer uniquely identifying this contact.
first_name | String | The first name of the contact.
last_name | String | The last name of the contact.
email | String | The email address of the contact.
company | String | The company name for this contact.
title | String | The title for this contact.
phone_home | String | The home phone number for this contact.
phone_work | String | The work phone number for this contact.
phone_mobile | String | The mobile phone number for this contact.
phone_fax | String | The fax phone number for this contact.
address1 | String | The first address line for this contact.
address2 | String | The second address line for this contact.
city | String | The city for this contact.
state | String | The state for this contact.
postal | String | The postal code for this contact.
country | String | The country for this contact.
notes |String | Free form text notes entered by end users for the contact.
tags | Array | yes | When present represents a collection of tags use for applying ad-hoc categorization and collation of contacts.
status | String | The status of the contact.  Valid values are **pending_contact**, **active_lead**, **client** and **none**.
created_at | Datetime | The date and time which this contact was created.
archived_at | Datetime | The date and time which this contact was archived.
